hey how's it going Dave 2d here I've
always been a fan of razors stealth
laptop it's their thin and light not
gaming laptop it's kind of like their
ultrabook line and it's a device that
every year they kind of tweak it a
little bit and they've always had a
product that looked good
performed pretty well and I was also
reasonably priced this is the 2019 model
and this is the first year that I feel
like razer made a mistake with this
product because the price point is wrong
now let me explain the hardware is good
the device is built really well it has
this design aesthetic that's similar to
the 15-inch razor blade from this year
it's got this boxier cleaner aesthetic
to it I like the shape of it the logo
the triple headed snake does not light
up this year they call it a two-tone
finish but it's basically a matte finish
on the surface of the laptop with a
polished snake logo and I think it's a
more mature looking device I feel like
some people really hated that green
light up logo and this just looks a lot
cleaner
so the ports on this device are a little
bit different this year there's to use
BA and to use PC so instead of the HDMI
port they've replaced it with a second
use PC if you do need an HDMI you can
get an adaptor or whatever there's also
a single headphone jack
on the left okay opening up this device
we have view of the wonderful new screen
so this is a device that's rocking some
very thin bezels they're 4.9 millimeters
the top bezel isn't as thin as the sides
but it has the windows hello camera up
top which isn't great in terms of image
quality but it gets the job done it
comes in either a 1080p or a 4k option
the one I have is a 4k panel but I got
to be honest I've always found that on
13-inch devices 4k panels were a little
bit unnecessary because the difference
in resolution is not that easy to spot I
like a regular laptop viewing distance
but the 4k panel does look quite nice
it's color accurate it's bright it's a
good panel ok the speakers there's two
on each side
they sound good they sound better than
the previous generation like these
speakers if I had to rank them I'd give
these like a six and a half maybe a
seven no six-and-a-half these are
probably seven and a half maybe an eight
they're not as good as like MacBook Pro
speakers or MacBook Air speakers but
they're definitely better than the
previous generation the keyboard also
feels quite similar to last year's model
as well I don't like the new layout
though so the old layout felt more
traditional to me particularly the right
shift key now this is
that I've mentioned in previous videos
as well I think it's something that
affects a very few people I'm one of
those people but I use the right shift
quite regularly and it's just in a weird
spot on the new stealth if you use the
right shift a lot then you're gonna take
some time to get used to it keyboard on
the hole though is a nice keyboard
trackpad this doesn't feel that
different from last year's model either
it's still winners precision still a
glass surface it's bigger but the
experience is pretty similar to last
year's model it's a good trackpad now
the lighting on the keyboard is a little
bit different this year they're running
a single color RGB so you can't do
individually customized keys but
depending on what you want and if your
keyboard that may or may not make you
sad
the keys on the top actually have
lighting on them so the previous
generation you couldn't see the function
controls on each of the function keys
but those light up as well now which is
nice now the advantage of having a
single color across the whole layout is
power consumption and the battery life
on this device is good I got a little
bit over 6 hours with the screen at 250
nits and this is with the 4k panel it's
not a huge battery it's been bumped up
to 53 watt hours but it's more energy
efficient system so you get slightly
better battery life this year then last
year the AC adapter is still small 65
watts so if you want to charge it on a
plane you're good to go the RAM is
soldered on the drive is replaceable and
it's running a pair of fans this year
which actually get louder than expect
for an ultrabook
the temperatures are good but the fans
do run loud ok I want to spend some time
talking about performance on this laptop
so you can equip this thing with an MX
150 from Nvidia this is a GPU that comes
in two variants they have a weaker 10
watt version that is on some laptops and
they have a stronger more powerful 25
watt version which they have in this
particular laptop same with some other
laptops out there the 25 watt version is
not that much better than the 10 watt
version it's better it's noticeable but
it's not like a huge difference the
thing is razor is kind of like marketing
this thing as if it were a gaming laptop
I don't think they ever call it a gaming
laptop per se its gaming capable it can
run games but it's not a great GPU and
it's significantly weaker than even a
laptop gtx 1050 no matter how you spin
it this is not a gaming laptop and same
with video editing the MX 150 is better
than nothing rate it's got some CUDA
cores in it but
editing and rendering are still very
underwhelming on this machine even with
that 25 watt MX 150 games just don't run
very smoothly at 1080p you got to drop
it down to like 720p to be able to play
at 60 frames per second for a lot of
games which honestly isn't that big of a
deal but the problem is this thing costs
sixteen hundred dollars to get a
configuration with the MX 150 and quite
frankly that's the device that's most
interesting right to have that kind of
GPU power in something this small that's
why people are eyeballing this thing but
here's here's my take on it okay
if you are actually someone who is
considering spending sixteen hundred
dollars on a device that has a GP unit
like this that's not super powerful
chances are you are a gaming enthusiast
you may not be super hardcore but you're
gonna be someone that enjoys playing
games you want to have a decent gaming
experience so if you're gonna spend
sixteen hundred dollars on this why not
take that money and spend it on a device
that is significantly better at playing
games like there are devices out there
like the GS 65 from MSI or the aro 15 or
even Razer zone entry level of razor
blade those are devices I'm pointing
over there because they're over here
I'll pull em in these are devices that
bring a significantly better gaming
experience than the thing that they're
squashing there's just so much better it
makes no sense that this thing costs
sixteen hundred dollars now I get it
there are some people that just don't
want a 15 inch device because these are
bigger they're thicker they're heavier I
get it some people want something
smaller so get something else that's
small with an MX 150 there are a lot of
devices some of them start like 900
bucks going up to 1200 dollars that have
MX 150 s in them now some of them will
be running 10 watt chips and some of you
need 25 watt chips but they're just so
much cheaper than the new Razer Blade
stealth and I know some people gonna
watch this video and they'll be like who
cares Dave why you talk about value like
this doesn't matter it's a razer product
take my money but the thing is I have
supported razors pricing on their razor
blade stealth ever since they launched
this product like it's always been a
little bit more expensive than other
competitors in the market but I always
felt like it was worth that extra value
like you're getting the razor experience
they're well-made products they look
good but this year I feel like they just
they push that envelope of what they
think they can charge
a little too far so if you're someone
that's on the market for something that
looks just like this like you want that
13 inch device and you have a huge
budget I mean this is one of very few
devices that fits that ticket but for
most people I just I don't think it's a
good fit you should either get something
that's equivalently priced that's way
better at gaming or something that's a
lot cheaper and provides very similar
performance okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs we liked it
subs if you'd love to see you guys next
time